Add single writer principle note to deployment documentation (#5166)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/collector/deployment/gateway.md

All metric data streams within
OTLP must have a [single writer](/docs/specs/otel/metrics/data-model/#single-writer).
When deploying multiple collectors in a gateway configuration, it's important to
ensure that all metric data streams have a single writer and a globally unique
identity.

### Potential problems

Concurrent access from multiple applications that modify or report on
the same data can lead to data loss or degraded data
quality. For example, you might see inconsistent data from multiple sources
on the same resource, where the different sources can overwrite each other because
the resource is not uniquely identified.

There are patterns in the data that may provide some insight into whether this
is happening or not. For example, upon visual inspection, a series with
unexplained gaps or jumps in the same series may be a clue that multiple
collectors are sending the same samples. 
There are also more direct errors that could surface in the backend.

With a Prometheus backend, an example error is:
`Error on ingesting out-of-order samples`.

This error could indicate that identical targets exist in two jobs, and the order of
the timestamps is incorrect. For example:

> - Metric `M1` received at time 13:56:04 with value `100`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Metric `M1` received at `T1` with a timestamp 13:56:04 with value `100`
- Metric `M1` received at `T2` with a timestamp 13:56:24 with value `120`
- Metric `M1` received at `T3` with a timestamp 13:56:04 with value `110`
```

- Metric `M1` received at time 13:56:24 with value `120`
- Metric `M1` received at time 13:56:04 with value `110`

### Best practices

- Use the [Kubernetes attributes processor](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/processor/k8sattributesprocessor)

>   to add labels to Kubernetes resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  to add labels to different Kubernetes resources.
```

  https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/processor/tailsamplingprocessor
[spanmetrics-connector]:
  https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/connector/spanmetricsconnector

## Multiple Collectors / Single Writer Principle

All metric data streams within
OTLP must have a [single writer](/docs/specs/otel/metrics/data-model/#single-writer).
When deploying multiple collectors in a gateway configuration, it's important to
ensure that all metric data streams have a single writer and a globally unique
identity.

### Potential Problems

Concurrent access from multiple applications that modify or report on
the same data can lead to data loss or, at least, degraded data

> quality. An example would be something like inconsistent data from multiple sources
> on the same resource, where the different sources can overwrite each other because
> the resource is not uniquely identified.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
quality. For example, you might see inconsistent data from multiple sources
on the same resource, where the different sources can overwrite each other because
the resource is not uniquely identified.
```

> There are patterns in the data that may provide some insight into whether this
> is happening or not. For example, upon visual inspection, a series with
> unexplained gaps or jumps in the same series may be a clue that multiple
> collectors are sending the same samples.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Patterns in the data can help you decide if there is an issue. For example, if a series has
unexplained gaps or jumps in the same series, multiple
collectors could be sending the same samples.
```

> There are also more direct errors that could surface in the backend.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You might also see errors in your backend. For example, with a Prometheus backend:
```

> With a Prometheus backend, an example error is:
> `Error on ingesting out-of-order samples`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`Error on ingesting out-of-order samples`
```

> This could indicate that identical targets exist in two jobs, and the order of
> the timestamps is incorrect.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This error could indicate that identical targets exist in two jobs, and the order of
the timestamps is incorrect. For example:
```

> Ex:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

- Metric `M1` received at time 13:56:04 with value `100`
- Metric `M1` received at time 13:56:24 with value `120`
- Metric `M1` received at time 13:56:04 with value `110`

> ### Suggestions

Reviewer 2: Is there a more descriptive heading we can use here? "Best practices", maybe?

> - Use the [Kubernetes Attributes Processor](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/processor/k8sattributesprocessor)
>   to add labels to kubernetes resources

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Use the [Kubernetes attributes processor](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/processor/k8sattributesprocessor)
  to add labels to Kubernetes resources.
```

> - Use the [Resource Detector Processor](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/blob/main/processor/resourcedetectionprocessor/README.md)
>   to detect resource information from the host and collect metadata related to them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Use the [resource detector processor](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/blob/main/processor/resourcedetectionprocessor/README.md)
  to detect resource information from the host and collect resource metadata.
```
